docs/terraform.md, before:

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|:----:|:-----:|:-----:|
| alb_target_group_arn | The ALB target group ARN for the ECS service | string | - | yes |
| assign_public_ip | Assign a public IP address to the ENI (Fargate launch type only). Valid values are true or false. Default false. | string | `false` | no |
| container_image | - | string | `app` | no |
| container_port | The port on the container to associate with the load balancer | string | `80` | no |
| container_tag | - | string | `latest` | no |
| desired_count | The number of instances of the task definition to place and keep running | string | `1` | no |
| ecs_cluster_arn | The ARN of the ECS cluster where service will be provisioned | string | - | yes |
| environment | Environment name | string | `` | no |
| envs | The environment variables to pass to the container. This is a list of maps | list | `<list>` | no |
| health_check_grace_period_seconds | Seconds to ignore failing load balancer health checks on newly instantiated tasks to prevent premature shutdown, up to 7200. Only valid for services configured to use load balancers | string | `0` | no |
| logs_region | AWS Logs Region | string | - | yes |
| name | Resource common name | string | - | yes |
| project | Account/Project Name | string | - | yes |
| security_group_ids | Security group IDs to allow in Service `network_configuration` | list | - | yes |
| subnet_ids | Subnet IDs | list | - | yes |
| tags | Tags to apply on repository | map | `<map>` | no |
| task_cpu | The number of CPU units used by the task. If using `FARGATE` launch type `task_cpu` must match supported memory values (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task_definition_parameters.html#task_size) | string | `256` | no |
| task_memory | The amount of memory (in MiB) used by the task. If using Fargate launch type `task_memory` must match supported cpu value (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task_definition_parameters.html#task_size) | string | `512` | no |
| vpc_id | The VPC ID where resources are created | string | - | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| container_name | ECS task container name |
| service_name | ECS Service name |
| service_role_arn | ECS Service role ARN |
| service_security_group_id | Security Group ID of the ECS task |
| task_definition_family | ECS task definition family |
| task_definition_revision | ECS task definition revision |
| task_role_arn | ECS Task role ARN |
| task_role_name | ECS Task role name |

Commit message:

feat(container): Add "command" and "entrypoint" variables to configure executable and CLI args of container

docs/terraform.md, after:

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|:----:|:-----:|:-----:|
| alb_target_group_arn | The ALB target group ARN for the ECS service | string | - | yes |
| assign_public_ip | Assign a public IP address to the ENI (Fargate launch type only). Valid values are true or false. Default false. | string | `false` | no |
| command | The command that is passed to the container | list | `<list>` | no |
| container_image | - | string | `app` | no |
| container_port | The port on the container to associate with the load balancer | string | `80` | no |
| container_tag | - | string | `latest` | no |
| desired_count | The number of instances of the task definition to place and keep running | string | `1` | no |
| ecs_cluster_arn | The ARN of the ECS cluster where service will be provisioned | string | - | yes |
| entrypoint | The entry point that is passed to the container | list | `<list>` | no |
| environment | Environment name | string | `` | no |
| envs | The environment variables to pass to the container. This is a list of maps | list | `<list>` | no |
| health_check_grace_period_seconds | Seconds to ignore failing load balancer health checks on newly instantiated tasks to prevent premature shutdown, up to 7200. Only valid for services configured to use load balancers | string | `0` | no |
| logs_region | AWS Logs Region | string | - | yes |
| name | Resource common name | string | - | yes |
| project | Account/Project Name | string | - | yes |
| security_group_ids | Security group IDs to allow in Service `network_configuration` | list | - | yes |
| subnet_ids | Subnet IDs | list | - | yes |
| tags | Tags to apply on repository | map | `<map>` | no |
| task_cpu | The number of CPU units used by the task. If using `FARGATE` launch type `task_cpu` must match supported memory values (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task_definition_parameters.html#task_size) | string | `256` | no |
| task_memory | The amount of memory (in MiB) used by the task. If using Fargate launch type `task_memory` must match supported cpu value (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task_definition_parameters.html#task_size) | string | `512` | no |
| vpc_id | The VPC ID where resources are created | string | - | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| container_name | ECS task container name |
| service_name | ECS Service name |
| service_role_arn | ECS Service role ARN |
| service_security_group_id | Security Group ID of the ECS task |
| task_definition_family | ECS task definition family |
| task_definition_revision | ECS task definition revision |
| task_role_arn | ECS Task role ARN |
| task_role_name | ECS Task role name |
